<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--*************************************************************************

CREATED BY: Ken Frizzelle
CREATED ON: 10/30/12
****This information is fluff to provide a fully functioning site
an actual set of policies would have to be provided for use.
**************************************************************************-->
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                template="/mainTemplate.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div align="center">
            
            <h:form>
            <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
            
            <p>We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site.  All amended terms automatically
                take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site. Additionally, we will notify you through the bit Awections
                Message Center and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy.</p>

            <p>This Privacy Policy is effective on October 10, 2012, for current users, and upon acceptance for new users. The previous
                amendment to this Privacy Policy was effective for all users on June 1, 2011.</p>
            
            <h3>Global Privacy Standards</h3>

            <p>bit Awections Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy, known as Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), which
                are our global privacy standards for all bit Awections Inc. companies. These BCRs have been approved by a number of
                European Union privacy regulators.  They are a commitment by bit Awections Inc. to protect your personal information
                and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed, or stored.
                Depending on where you reside, the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy
                regulator or court.</p>

            <p>Some bit Awections-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies. The privacy policy
                that applies will be the policy that is referenced by the respective website, application, service, or tool. The privacy
                practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs.</p>

            <p>More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles, including information on how to contact us
                with any questions, is available at our bit Awections Privacy Center.</p>
            
            <h3>Collection</h3>

            <p>You can browse our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. If you
                register for account with us, you give us your personal information, and you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to
                provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located
                in the United States and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located.</p>

            <p>When you visit our website or use our applications, services, or tools, we collect information sent to us by your computer,
                mobile phone, or other access device.  This information is not associated with you personally unless you sign in as a
                registered user.</p>

            <p>We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use and access to our website,
                applications, services and tools:</p>
            
            <ul>
                <li>email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, physical contact information,
                    and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information, such as credit
                    card or bank account numbers</li>
                <li>transactional information based on your activities on the sites (such as bidding,
                    buying, selling, item and content you generate or that relates to your account),
                    shipping, billing, and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item</li>
                <li>personal information you provide to us through community discussions, member
                    information pages, correspondence, chats, dispute resolution, or shared by you
                    from other social applications, services, or websites</li>
                <li>additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or
                    if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to
                    send us an ID or bill to verify your address, or to answer additional questions
                    online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list)</li>
                <li>other supplemental information obtained from third parties such as demographic
                    and navigation data; and credit check information, and additional information
                    about you from a credit bureau, as permitted by law</li>
                <li>information from your interaction with our sites, services, content and
                    advertising, including, but not limited to, device ID, device type,
                    geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics
                    on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and
                    standard web log information</li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites</h3>

            <p>We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the bit Awections website.
                We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook,
                Google Plus, Twitter, and others.</p>

            <p>You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites. The
                personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website
                and your consent.  By associating an account managed by a third party with your bit Awections account and authorizing
                bit Awections to have access to this information, you agree that bit Awections may collect, use and store information
                from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p>
            
            <h3>Use</h3>

            <p>Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and our services, and
                provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to:</p>
            
            <ul>
                <li>provide access to the site and the services and customer support you request;</li>
                <li>resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;</li>
                <li>prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;</li>
                <li>customize, measure, and improve our services, content, and advertising;</li>
                <li>tell you about our services and those of our corporate family, deliver
                    targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; and</li>
                <li>compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties;</li>
                <li>Contact you at telephone numbers we have collected, by placing a voice
                    call or through text (SMS) or email messaging, as authorized by our User Agreement;</li>
                <li>provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information</li>
            </ul>
            
                <h3>Marketing</h3>

                <p>We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your
                    explicit consent. We may combine your personal information with information we collect from other companies
                    and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.</p>

                <p>If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can indicate your communications preference
                    in your My bit Awections page, or within the direct communication from us. If do not wish to participate in our
                    ad-customization programs, you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement,
                    or directly at our Ad Choice program.</p>
                
                <h3>Our Disclosure of Your Information</h3>

                <p>We disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a
                    listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. Such
                    information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.</p>

                <p>We also share your personal information with:</p>
                
                <ul>
                    <li>Members of the bit Awectionsv Inc. corporate family to provide
                        joint content and services (like registration, transactions,
                        and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially
                        illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide
                        decisions about their products, sites, applications, tools,
                        services and communications. Members of our corporate family
                        will use this information to send you marketing communications
                        only if you’ve requested their services and will use your
                        personal information in compliance with their respective
                        privacy policies and our global privacy standards.</li>
                    <li>Service providers under contract who help with our business
                        operations (such as, but not limited to, fraud investigations,
                        bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, site operations,
                        and co-branded credit cards).</li>
                    <li>Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your
                        information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified
                        and consent to when using a specific service).</li>
                    <li>Law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties,
                        in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation
                        or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us,
                        you, or any other bit Awections user to legal liability. In such events,
                        we will disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation
                        or inquiry, such as name, city, state, ZIP code, telephone number,
                        email address, User ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding
                        and listing history, and anything else we may deem relevant to the
                        investigation.</li>
                    <li>Credit bureaus. We may report information about your account to
                        credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults
                        on your account may be reflected in your credit report.</li>
                    <li>bit Awections VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement,
                        as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in
                        connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property
                        infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events,
                        we will disclose name, street address, city, state, ZIP code,
                        country, phone number, email address and company name.</li>
                    <li>Other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be
                        acquired by that business entity. (Should such a combination
                        occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow
                        this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information.
                        If your personal information will be used contrary to this
                        policy, you will receive prior notice.).</li>
                </ul>

                <p>Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from
                    bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government officials,
                    or other third parties without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we
                    believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial
                    loss or to report suspected illegal activity.</p>
                
                <h3>Information You Share on bit Awections</h3>

                <p>Your User ID is displayed throughout bit Awections (and so available to the public), and is connected to all of your
                    bit Awections activity. Other people can see your bids, purchases, items for sale, storefronts, Feedback, ratings
                    and associated comments. Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations
                    on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items. So if you associate your name with your User ID, the people to
                    whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your bit Awections activities.</p>

                <p>If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an Internet café, certain information about you,
                    such as your User ID, activity, or reminders from bit Awections, may also be visible to other individuals who
                    use the computer after you.</p>
                
                <h3>Using Information from bit Awections</h3>

                <p>bit Awections enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments
                    . We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users. We cannot guarantee
                    the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security
                    policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information. To help
                    protect your privacy, we allow only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information to
                    facilitate your transactions and collect payments. When users are involved in a transaction, they may have access
                    to each other's name, User ID, email address and other contact and shipping information. In all cases, you must
                    give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have
                    collected about them.</p>

                <p>You agree to use user information only for:</p>
                
                <ul>
                    <li>bit Awections transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages;</li>
                    <li>using services offered through bit Awections (such as escrow, shipping, and fraud complaints), or</li>
                    <li>other purposes that a user expressly chooses.</li>
                </ul>
                
                    <h3>Cookies</h3>

                    <p>We use "cookies" (small data files placed within your computing device) on certain of our pages to help analyze
                        our web page flow; customize our services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and
                        promote trust and safety. For more information about why we use cookies, see Cookies, Web Beacons, and Your Privacy.</p>

                    <p>A few important things you should know about our use of these technologies are:</p>
                    
                    <ul>
                        <li>We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies.</li>
                        <li>We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.</li>
                        <li>Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically
                            deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.</li>
                        <li>You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits,
                            although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services.</li>
                        <li>You may encounter cookies from third parties, known as service providers, that we have
                            allowed on our site that assist us with various aspects of our web site operations and services</li>
                        <li>You also may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the sites that we do not
                            control and have not authorized. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user,
                            there may be a cookie placed by that web page.).</li>
                    </ul>
                    
                    <h3>No Spam, Spyware or Spoofing</h3>

                    <p>We and our users do not tolerate spam. Make sure to set your bit Awections communication preferences so we
                        communicate to you as you prefer. You are not licensed to add other bit Awections users, even a user who has
                        purchased an item from you, to your mailing list (email or physical mail) without their express consent. To
                        report bit Awections-related spam or spoof emails to bit Awections, please forward the email to 
                        spam@bitAwections.com or spoof@bitAwections.com. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or
                        otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement. We automatically scan and may manually filter
                        messages to check for spam, viruses, phishing attacks, and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited
                        content, but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools. If you send an email to an email
                        address that is not registered in our community (via Refer-a-Friend or other tools), we do not permanently
                        store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose. We do not rent or sell these email addresses.</p>
                    
                    <h3>Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information</h3>

                    <p>Your password is the key to your account. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters, and do not
                        disclose your bit Awections password to anyone. If you do share your password or your personal information
                        with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you
                        lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be
                        subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised
                        for any reason, you should immediately notify bit Awections and change your password.</p>

                    <p>You can see, review, and change most of your personal information by signing on to bit Awections. Generally,
                        we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity
                        remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once you make
                        a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request, we will close your account
                        and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity
                        and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with
                        law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations,
                        enforce our bit Awections User Agreement, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.</p>
                    
                    <h3>How we protect and store personal information</h3>

                    <p>Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated
                        with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to
                        include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user.</p>

                    <p>We store and process your personal information on our computers in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world where
                        our facilities are located. We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures
                        to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards
                        we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access
                        authorization controls.</p>

                    <p>We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and we provide you
                        with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings. We retain information as
                        long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from
                        closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot
                        problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law.</p>
                    
                    <h3>Third Parties</h3>

                    <p>Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure
                        of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are bidders, buyers
                        or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure
                        of the information you provide to them. bit Awections does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and
                        you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions
                        before you disclose your personal information to others. </p>
        </h:form>
            
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>