<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--*************************************************************************

CREATED BY: Ken Frizzelle
CREATED ON: 10/30/12
****This information is fluff to provide a fully functioning site
an actual set of policies would have to be provided for use.
**************************************************************************-->
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                template="/mainTemplate.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div align="center">
        <h1>bit Awections Policies</h1> 
        <h:form >
            
            
            <h1>Your User Agreement</h1>    

            <p>Last Updated:  August 21, 2012</p>

            <p>The following describes the terms on which bit Awections offers you access to our sites,
                services, and tools (including, but not limited to, applications).</p>

            <h3>Introduction</h3>

            <p>Welcome to bit Awections.  By using bit Awections (including bitAwections.com and its related sites,
                services and tools), you agree to the following terms with bit Awections Inc. and the general principles
                for the websites of our subsidiaries and international affiliates.  If you reside outside of the United 
                States, you are contracting with one of our international bit Awections companies: In countries within the
                European Union, your contract is with bit Awections Europe S.ร r.l.; in India, your contract is with
                bit Awections India Private Limited; in all other countries, your contract is with bit Awections
                International AG.</p>

            <p>This Agreement is effective on October 10, 2012, for current users, and upon acceptance for new users.  You
                accept this User Agreement by clicking the Submit button when registering an bit Awections account; accessing
                or using bit Awections' sites, services, and tools; or as otherwise indicated on a specific site, service, or
                tool.</p>

            <p><b>Please be advised: This User Agreement contains provisions that govern how claims you and we have against each 
                other are resolved (see Limitation of Liability and Legal Disputes Sections below).  It also contains an Agreement
                to Arbitrate, which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us to binding and final
                arbitration, unless you opt-out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Legal Disputes, Section B ("Agreement to Arbitrate")).
                Unless you opt-out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against bit Awections on an individual basis, not as
                part of any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including
                monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.</b></p>
            
            <h3>Scope</h3>

            <p>Before you may become a member of bit Awections, you must read and accept all of the terms in, and linked to, this User 
                Agreement and the bit Awections Privacy Policy.  We strongly recommend that, as you read this User Agreement, you also
                access and read the linked information.  By accepting this User Agreement, you agree that this User Agreement and Privacy
                Policy will apply whenever you use bit Awections sites or services, or when you use the tools that are made available to
                interact with bit Awections sites and services.  Some bit Awections sites, services, and tools may have additional or other
                terms, agreements, or policies that govern their availability and use.  Your use of and access to such sites, services, and
                tools are subject to any and all terms, agreements, or policies applicable to them.</p>

            <h3>Using bit Awections</h3>

            <p>While using bit Awections sites, services and tools, you will not:</p>

            <ul>
                <li>post content or items in inappropriate categories or areas on our sites and services;</li>
                <li>violate any laws, third party rights or our policies;</li>
                <li>use our sites, services or tools if you are not able to form
                    legally binding contracts or are temporarily or indefinitely
                    suspended from using our sites, services, or tools;</li>
                <li>fail to deliver payment for items purchased by you, unless 
                    the seller has materially changed the item's description after
                    you bid, a clear typographical error is made, or you cannot 
                    reach the seller;</li>
                <li>fail to deliver items purchased from you, unless the buyer 
                    fails to meet the posted terms, or you cannot reach the buyer;</li>
                <li>manipulate the price of any item or interfere with other users' listings;</li>
                <li>circumvent or manipulate our fee structure, the billing process, or fees owed to bit Awections;</li>
                <li>post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, or libelous content;</li>
                <li>take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems 
                    (such as displaying, importing or exporting feedback information 
                    off of the sites or using it for purposes unrelated to bit Awections);</li>
                <li>circumvent any bit Awections policy or determinations about 
                    your account status such as temporary or indefinite suspensions
                    or other account holds, limitations or restrictions;</li>
                <li>transfer your bit Awections account (including Feedback) and
                    user ID to another party without our consent;</li>
                <li>distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications,
                    chain letters, or pyramid schemes;</li>
                <li>distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm bit Awections,
                    or the interests or property of bit Awections users;</li>
                <li>export or re-export any bit Awections tools except in compliance
                    with the export control laws of any relevant jurisdictions and in
                    accordance with posted rules and restrictions;</li>
                <li>copy, modify, or distribute rights or content from the bit Awections
                    sites, services, or tools or bit Awections' copyrights and trademarks; or</li>
                <li>harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including
                    email addresses, without their consent.</li>
           </ul>

            <h3>Abusing bit Awections</h3>

            <p>bit Awections and its community of users (the "Community") work together to keep our sites, services, and
                tools working properly and the Community safe. Please report problems, offensive content, and policy violations to us.</p>

            <p>bit Awections' Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program works to ensure that listed items do not infringe upon
                the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights of third parties.  If you believe that your
                intellectual property rights have been violated, please notify our VeRO team and we will investigate.</p>

            <p>Without limiting other remedies, we may, in our sole discretion, limit, suspend, or terminate our services
                and user accounts, prohibit access to our sites, services, and tools, and their content, delay or remove
                hosted content, and take technical and legal steps to keep users from using our sites, services, or tools,
                if we think that they are creating problems or possible legal liabilities, infringing the intellectual
                property rights of third parties, or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our policies (for
                example, and without limitation, shill bidding, conducting off-bit Awections transactions, manipulating Feedback,
                circumventing temporary or permanent suspensions or harassing our employees or other users).  We also reserve
                the right to cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time, or to modify or
                discontinue bit Awections sites, services, or tools.</p>

            <h3>Buyer Protection</h3>

            <p>Buyers and sellers share the responsibility for making sure purchases made on bit Awections are exciting,
                rewarding and hassle-free.  We strongly encourage buyers to work with sellers before opening a claim relating
                to a purchase.  Buyers and sellers agree to follow the requirements of the bit Awections Buyer Protection
                Policy with respect to claims made under bit Awections' Buyer Protection Policy.  bit Awections Buyer
                Protection covers only claims filed in accordance with the bit Awections Buyer Protection Policy, not claims
                filed with PayPal. bit Awections Buyer Protection will not cover claims for which the buyer has initiated
                another form of resolution processing, including credit card chargebacks (if the buyer paid by credit card)
                or PayPal Buyer Protection claims (if the buyer paid by PayPal).  We may suspend the bit Awections Buyer
                Protection Policy without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the program.</p>

            <p>We require bit Awections sellers to comply with our Buyer Protection resolution process.  Buyers and sellers
                permit us to make a final decision, in our sole discretion, on any claim that a buyer files with bit Awections
                under the bit Awections Buyer Protection Policy.  If we resolve a dispute in the buyer's favor, we will refund
                the buyer up to the full cost of the item (including any applicable sales taxes) and the original shipping,
                and we will require the seller to reimburse us for the amount due to the buyer.  Without limiting the foregoing,
                sellers may not have to reimburse us for an bit Awections Buyer Protection claim if they provide the
                documentation (for example, delivery confirmation or proof that the item was as described) indicated in the
                bit Awections Buyer Protection Policy.  In addition:</p>

            <ul>
                <li>Sellers must have a reimbursement method on file with bit Awections.</li>
                <li>Sellers agree to allow us to remove funds from their PayPal accounts
                    for amounts due to buyers.  Sellers may change this reimbursement method
                    by contacting bit Awections. However, we reserve the right to continue
                    using seller PayPal accounts for bit Awections Buyer Protection cases
                    associated with bit Awections transactions paid for before the change.</li>
                <li>Where there are insufficient funds in PayPal accounts or where PayPal
                    is not the reimbursement method of a seller, we will require another reimbursement method.</li>
                <li>Sellers agree to allow us to charge the payment method they designate for amounts due buyers.</li>
            </ul>

            <p>Changing a reimbursement method will not affect bit Awections' use of a payment method on file for other
                purposes (such as payment of your bit Awections fees).  If sellers do not provide bit Awections with a
                valid reimbursement method, we may collect amounts owed using other collection mechanisms, including
                retaining collection agencies.  We may also suspend or restrict sellers from buying or selling on our
                sites and using our services and tools until payment is made.</p>

            <p><b>Correcting Mistakes in Payments to Buyers or Sellers.</b>  We reserve the right to fix any processing
                errors we discover.  We will correct any processing errors by debiting or crediting the payment method
                used for the bit Awections Buyer Protection refund or reimbursement.</p>

            <h3>Holds</h3>

            <p>To protect against the risk of liability, bit Awections has at times requested, and may continue to request,
                that PayPal hold seller funds based on certain factors, including, but not limited to, selling history,
                seller performance, riskiness of the listing category, or the filing of an bit Awections Buyer Protection
                claim.  PayPal has held, and will continue to hold, seller funds pursuant to the terms of the PayPal
                User Agreement, PayPal policies and any other agreement entered into between PayPal and its users.</p>

            <h3>Cross-Border Trade</h3>

            <p>Many of our sites, services, and tools are accessible to international sellers and buyers.  We may offer
                certain programs, tools, and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers,
                such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools.</p>

            <p>Some bit Awections members may reside outside of the United States and some may not speak English as a
                primary language.  To assist users who speak different languages, we may translate listings and other
                bit Awections content, in whole or in part, into other languages.  If you are a seller, you may be able
                to opt out of our automated translation of your listings by, depending on the site, service, or tool
                involved, using the functionality built into such site, service, or tool.  We also may provide you with
                access to third party tool(s) so you can request an on-demand translation of certain content on our sites,
                such as parts of a listing or a message from an bit Awections user.  If you request an on-demand translation
                from a third party tool, the accuracy or availability of the resulting translation is not guaranteed and
                will be your sole responsibility.  In the event that any on-demand translation of a listing, message or
                other content conflicts with the meaning of the original text, then the original text will control as the
                official version of the listing, message or other content, as applicable.</p>

            <p>In some cases, you may be able to sell your items internationally by listing items for sale directly on one
                or more of bit Awections' international sites.  Using various tools, services, and experiences, we may
                display your listing on an bit Awections site other than the bit Awections site where you listed your item
                for sale, including those situations where you choose to list items with an international shipping option
                (such as worldwide shipping).  However, you may restrict international buyers from purchasing your items
                if you explicitly exclude international shipping locations from your listings by creating and applying an
                exclusion list to your listings.  If your item is sold to a buyer on an bit Awections site other than your
                bit Awections site of registration, you agree to be subject to that other site's policies and the terms and
                conditions in bit Awections' International Selling Agreement.  You are responsible for complying with all
                laws and regulations applicable to the sale and shipment of items to international buyers.</p>

            <h3>Fees and Services</h3>

            <p>Joining bit Awections and bidding on listed items is free.  We do charge fees for using other services, such
                as listing items.  The fees we charge for using our services are listed on our Fees schedule, which we may
                change from time to time.  Changes to that schedule are effective after we provide you with at least fourteen
                days' notice by posting the changes on www.bitAwections.com.  We may choose to temporarily change the fees for our
                services for promotional events (for example, free listing days) or new services, and such changes are
                effective when we post the temporary promotional event or new service on the sites.</p>

            <p>Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in United States Dollars.  You are responsible for paying all fees
                and applicable taxes associated with our sites, services, and tools with a valid payment method by the payment
                due date.  If your payment method fails or your account is past due, we may collect fees owed using other
                collection mechanisms.  (This includes charging other payment methods on file with us, retaining collection
                agencies and legal counsel, and for accounts over 180 days past due, deducting the amount owed from your
                PayPal account balance.)  In addition, you will be subject to late fees and we may suspend or restrict you
                from using our sites, services, and tools until full payment is made.  bit Awections, or the collection agencies
                we retain, may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments,
                missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.  If you wish to
                dispute the information bit Awections reported to a credit bureau (i.e., Experian, Equifax or TransUnion) please
                contact us at bit Awections Inc. If you wish to dispute the information a collection agency reported to a credit
                bureau regarding your bit Awections account, you must contact the collection agency directly.</p>

            <h3>Authorization to Contact You; Recording Calls</h3>

            <p>You authorize bit Awections, its affiliates, agents, and independent contractors to contact you at any telephone
                number (including telephone numbers associated with mobile, cellular, wireless, or similar devices) you provide
                to us or from which you place a call to us, or any telephone number at which we reasonably believe we may reach
                you, using any means of communication, including, but not limited to, calls or text messages using an automatic
                telephone dialing system and/or prerecorded messages, even if you incur charges for receiving such communications.</p>

            <p>You understand and agree that bit Awections may, without further notice or warning and in its discretion, monitor
                or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with bit Awections or its agents for
                quality control and training purposes or for its own protection.  You acknowledge and understand that, while your
                communications with bit Awections may be overheard, monitored, or recorded without further notice or warning, not
                all telephone lines or calls may be recorded by bit Awections, and bit Awections does not guarantee that
                recordings of any particular telephone calls will be retained or retrievable.</p>

            <h3>Content</h3>

            <p>When providing us with content or posting content on bit Awections' sites, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide,
                perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all copyright,
                trademark, publicity, and database rights you have in the content, in any media known now or in the future.</p>

            <p>For the convenience of sellers, we may offer catalogs of stock images, descriptions and product specifications that
                are provided by third parties (including bit Awections users).  You may use catalog content solely in connection
                with your bit Awections listings during the time your listings are on bit Awections' sites.</p>

            <p>While we try to offer reliable data, we cannot promise that the catalogs will always be accurate and up-to-date,
                and you agree not to hold our catalog content providers or us responsible for inaccuracies in catalogs.  If you
                choose to include catalog content in your listings, you continue to be fully responsible for your listings and
                for ensuring that your listings are accurate, do not include misleading information, and comply with this User
                Agreement and all bit Awections policies.  The catalogs may include copyrighted, trademarked or other proprietary
                materials. You agree not to remove any copyright, proprietary or identification markings included with the catalogs
                or create any derivative works based on catalog content (other than by including them in your listings).</p>

            <h3>Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c)
                of Title 17 of the United States Code</h3>

            <p>We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement as required by the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act.</p>

            <h3>Limitation of Liability</h3>

            <p>We try to keep bit Awections and its sites, services, and tools safe, secure, and functioning properly.
                You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee the continuous operation of or access to our sites, services,
                or tools.  You further acknowledge that operation of and access to our sites, services, or tools may be
                interfered with as a result of technical issues or numerous factors outside of our control.  You agree
                that you are making use of our sites, services, and tools at your own risk, and that they are being
                provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.  Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable
                law, we exclude all express or implied warranties, terms and conditions including, but not limited to,
                implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  In addition,
                to the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not liable, and you agree not to hold bit Awections
                responsible, for any damages or losses (including, but not limited to, loss of money, goodwill or reputation,
                profits, or other intangible losses or any special, indirect, or consequential damages) resulting directly
                or indirectly from:</p>

            <ul>
                <li>Your use of or your inability to use our sites, services and tools;</li>
                <li>Delays or disruptions in our sites, services, or tools;</li>
                <li>Viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing our sites,
                    services, or tools or any site, services, or tool linked to our sites, services, or tools;</li>
                <li>Glitches, bugs, errors, or inaccuracies of any kind in our sites,
                    services, and tools or in the information and graphics obtained from them;</li>
                <li>The content, actions, or inactions of third parties, including items
                    listed using our sites, services, or tools or the destruction of allegedly fake items;</li>
                <li>A suspension or other action taken with respect to your account;</li> 
                <li>The duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results
                    as set forth in the Listing Conditions Section below;</li>
                <li>Your need to modify practices, content, or behavior or your loss of or
                    inability to do business, as a result of changes to this User Agreement
                    or our policies; bit Awections reserves the right to modify its policies
                    and this User Agreement at any time consistent with the provisions outlined herein.</li>
            </ul>
            
            <p>Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers
                and exclusions may not apply to you.</p>

            <p>You acknowledge that we are not a traditional auctioneer.  Instead, our sites are venues to allow users to
                offer, sell, and buy just about anything, at any time, from anywhere, in a variety of pricing formats and
                locations, such as Stores, fixed price formats and auction-style formats.  We are not involved in the actual
                transaction between buyers and sellers.  While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes through
                various programs, we have no control over and do not guarantee the existence, quality, safety, or legality
                of items advertised; the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings; the ability of sellers to sell items;
                the ability of buyers to pay for items; or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item.</p>

            <p>Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party
                is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under the bit Awections Buyer Protection Policy up to the
                price the item sold for on bit Awections (including any applicable sales tax) and its original shipping costs,
                (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to
                the action giving rise to the liability, or (c) $100.</p>

            <h3>Release</h3>

            <p>If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and
                their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and
                consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such
                disputes.  In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise)
                that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or
                suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.</p>

            <h3>Access and Interference</h3>

            <p>bit Awections' sites contain robot exclusion headers.  Information on our sites is subject to constant updates
                and changes.  Much of the information on the sites is also proprietary or is licensed to bit Awections by our
                users or third parties.  You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means
                to access our sites for any purpose without our express handwritten permission.</p>

            <p>Additionally, you agree that you will not:</p>
            
            <ul>
                <li>take any action that imposes or may impose (to be determined in our sole
                    discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;</li>
                <li>copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, or publicly
                    display any content (except for your information) from our sites, services, or
                    tools without the prior express written permission of bit Awections and the
                    appropriate third party, as applicable;</li>
                <li>interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our sites, services,
                    or tools, or any activities conducted on or with our sites, services, or tools; or</li>
                <li>bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to our sites.</li>
            </ul>
            
            <h3>Listing Conditions</h3>

            <p>By listing an item on bit Awections' sites, you agree to pay bit Awections' fees, to assume full responsibility
                for the content of the listing and item offered, and to accept the following listing conditions: When you list an
                item on bit Awections' sites, your listing will be posted on bit Awections' sites and can be viewed in My
                bit Awections.  Your listing may not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for several hours (or up to
                24 hours in some circumstances), so bit Awections can't guarantee exact listing durations. bit Awections' duplicate
                listing policy may also affect whether your listing appears in search results.  Where your listing appears in search
                and browse results may be based on certain factors including, but not limited to, listing format, title, bidding
                activity, end time, keywords, price and shipping cost, feedback, and detailed seller ratings.  You can read more
                about where your listings appear in search and browse results in bit Awections' Help Pages.</p>

            <h3>Purchase Conditions</h3>

            <p>You are responsible for reading the full item listing, including any instructions the seller provides, before making
                a bid or commitment to buy.  Unless otherwise stated, by making a bid or commitment to buy an item on bit Awections,
                you are committing to buy the item from the seller listing the item.  If you make a commitment to buy or your bid is
                the winning bid or is otherwise accepted, you enter into a legally binding contract with the seller and are obligated
                to purchase the item.  For motor vehicles and real estate, a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction
                representing a buyer's serious expression of interest in buying the seller's item and does not create a formal
                contract between the buyer and the seller. </p>

            <p>We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer.  Utah Code Annotated ยง 70A-2-401(2) and
                Uniform Commercial Code ยง 2-401(2) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller, unless the
                buyer and the seller agree otherwise.</p>
            <h3>Privacy</h3>

            <p>We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit
                consent.  We use your information only as described in the bit Awections Privacy Policy. We view protection of users'
                privacy as a very important Community principle.  We store and process your information on computers located in the
                United States that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices.  You can access and modify
                the information you provide us and choose not to receive certain communications by signing in to your account. We use
                third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles.  For a complete description of how we use and protect your
                personal information, see the bit Awections Privacy Policy.  If you object to your information being transferred or
                used in this way please do not use our services.</p>
            
            <h3>Indemnity</h3>
            
            <p>You will indemnify and hold us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors,
                employees, and agents) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third
                party due to or arising out of your breach of this User Agreement, your improper use of bit Awections' sites,
                services, or tools, and/or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.</p>

            <h3>No Agency</h3>

            <p>No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer, or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created
                by this User Agreement.</p>

            <h3>Notices</h3>

            <p>Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal notices shall be served on bit Awections' national registered agent (in
                the case of bit Awections) or to the email address you have designated on your account (in your case).  Notice to you
                shall be deemed given 24 hours after the email is sent.  Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to the
                Registration Address associated with your account, as identified in your My bit Awections.  In such case, notice shall
                be deemed given three days after the date of mailing.</p>

            <h3>Legal Disputes</h3>

            <p><b>You and bit Awections agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen or may arise between us will
                    be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section. Please read this Section
                    carefully.  It affects your rights and will have a substantial impact on how claims you and we have against each
                    other are resolved.</b></p>

            <p><b>A. Applicable Law</b></p>

            <p>You agree that the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this User
                Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and bit Awections, except as otherwise
                stated in this User Agreement.</p>

            <p><b>B. Agreement to Arbitrate</b></p>

            <p><b>You and bit Awections each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and
                    bit Awections shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except
                    that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify.</b>  The Federal Arbitration Act governs
                    the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.</p>

            <p>1. <b>Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief</b></p>

            <p><b>YOU AND BIT AWECTIONS AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS
                    PART OF ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  UNLESS BOTH YOU AND BIT AWECTIONS AGREE OTHERWISE, THE
                    ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER
                    ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING.  ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING
                    MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE
                    EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).  ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT
                    AFFECT OTHER BIT AWECTIONS USERS.</b></p>

            <p>2. <b>Arbitration Procedures</b></p>

            <p>Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.  Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury,
                and court review of an arbitration award is very limited.  However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief
                on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual.  An arbitrator also must follow the terms of this User
                Agreement as a court would.</p>

            <p>The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including
                the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to
                Arbitrate.  The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org.  A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available
                on the AAA's website at http://www.adr.org.</p>

            <p>The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location.  If the value
                of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or bit Awections may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone
                or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and bit Awections subject to the
                arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant.  Attendance at an in-person
                hearing may be made by telephone by you and/or bit Awections, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.</p>

            <p>The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, including
                recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law.  The arbitrator shall
                not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different bit Awections users, but is bound by rulings in
                prior arbitrations involving the same bit Awections user to the extent required by applicable law.  The arbitrator's
                award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court
                having jurisdiction thereof.</p>

            <p>3. <b>Costs of Arbitration</b></p>

            <p>Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated
                in this Agreement to Arbitrate.  If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, bit Awections
                will pay all filling, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration.  Any request for payment of
                fees by bit Awections should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and bit Awections
                will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.  If the value of the relief sought is more than
                $10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of
                litigation, bit Awections will pay as much of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems
                necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive.  In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s
                ) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse bit Awections for all fees associated with the
                arbitration paid by bit Awections on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.</p>

            <p>4. <b>Severability</b></p>

            <p>With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and
                Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if a court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate
                is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply. If a court decides that
                any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and
                Non-Individualized Relief") is invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall be null
                and void.  The remainder of the User Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply.</p>

            <p>5. <b>Opt-Out Procedure</b></p>

            <p><b>You can choose to reject this Agreement to Arbitrate ("opt-out") by mailing us a written opt-out notice ("Opt-Out Notice").
                    For new bit Awections users, the Opt-Out Notice must be postmarked no later than 30 days after the date you accept
                    the User Agreement for the first time.   If you are already a current bit Awections user and previously accepted
                    the User Agreement prior to the introduction of this Agreement to Arbitrate.</b></p>

            <p>The Opt-Out Notice must state that you do not agree to this Agreement to Arbitrate and must include your name, address,
                and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated with the bit Awections account(s) to which the opt-out applies. You
                must sign the Opt-Out Notice for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way you can opt-out of the Agreement to
                Arbitrate. If you opt-out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all other parts of the User Agreement and its Legal Disputes
                Section will continue to apply to you.  Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other,
                or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us.</p>

            <p>6. <b>Future Changes to the Agreement to Arbitrate</b></p>

            <p>Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any change to this
                Agreement to Arbitrate (other than a change to any notice address or website link provided herein) in the future, that
                change shall not apply to any claim of which you provided bit Awections with written notice prior to the effective date
                of the change.  Moreover, if we seek to terminate the Agreement to Arbitrate as included in the User Agreement, any such
                termination shall not be effective until 30 days after the version of the User Agreement not containing the Agreement to
                Arbitrate is posted to http://www.bitAwections.com, and shall not be effective as to any claim of which you provided bit Awections
                with written notice prior to the date of termination.</p>

            <p><b>C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes</b></p>

            <p>Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to
                a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt-out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or a court
                order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and bit Awections must be resolved
                exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County, Utah.  You and bit Awections agree to submit to
                the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such
                claims or disputes.</p>
            
        </h:form>
        
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>